map/club/README.md, before:


# Geo location data for the MOCA Spike 150 clubs

Files in this folder are generated by script. Please do not edit them.

To find a geolocation of a place, please use http://geojson.io

 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/72363 ChiRunners 驰 [72363.geojson](72363.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/72363.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/72363.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/128445 BURN Running undefined [128445.geojson](128445.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/128445.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/128445.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/147066 IndyChineseRunners 印跑团 [147066.geojson](147066.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/147066.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/147066.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/155681 DASH 达跑团 [155681.geojson](155681.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/155681.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/155681.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/157594 Seattle United Runners (SU Runners) 西雅图SU跑团 [157594.geojson](157594.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/157594.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/157594.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/176328 MIRun 车城 (create [_data/club/geo/176328.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/183643 FlyingDragon undefined (create [_data/club/geo/183643.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/187897 CRIT 多伦多华人跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/187897.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/196102 Greater Memphis Chinese Runners Club (GMCRC) undefined [196102.geojson](196102.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/196102.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/196102.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/197462 DEER 鹿跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/197462.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/204946 NewBee Running Club 纽约新蜂跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/204946.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/234023 BEN Running Club 犇 (create [_data/club/geo/234023.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/236304 MARC 大华府蒙郡跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/236304.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/241951 Misty Mountain Runners 岚山跑群 (create [_data/club/geo/241951.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/299365 Minnesota Chinese Snow Wolves 明州华人雪狼跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/299365.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/301632 Patuxent athletic league of striders 知足常跑 (create [_data/club/geo/301632.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/327007 Bergen Runners 百骏 [327007.geojson](327007.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/327007.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/327007.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/330129 PHIRE Runners 飛狐 (create [_data/club/geo/330129.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/438046 Ann-Hua Runners undefined (create [_data/club/geo/438046.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/439808 WERun 东奔西跑 (create [_data/club/geo/439808.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/452045 Trail Hoppers 山道蚱蜢 [452045.geojson](452045.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/452045.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/452045.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/464836 91 Running Camp 91集训营 (create [_data/club/geo/464836.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/479503 undefined 三头牛跑吧 [479503.geojson](479503.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/479503.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/479503.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/481356 Nose Hill Running 駜 (create [_data/club/geo/481356.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/484248 Nankai 巍巍南开 (create [_data/club/geo/484248.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/516025 Flying Foxes 北卡蓝嶺飞狐 (create [_data/club/geo/516025.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/519388 Princeton Running Team 普林长跑队 (create [_data/club/geo/519388.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))

Commit message:

add link to https://observablehq.com/@ontouchstart/clubs-on-the-map

map/club/README.md, after:


# Geo location data for the MOCA Spike 150 clubs

- Files in this folder are generated by script. Please do not edit them.

- To find a geolocation of a place, please use http://geojson.io

- To visual check the clubs on the map and the geojson data, go to https://observablehq.com/@ontouchstart/clubs-on-the-map


 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/72363 ChiRunners 驰 [72363.geojson](72363.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/72363.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/72363.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/128445 BURN Running undefined [128445.geojson](128445.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/128445.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/128445.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/147066 IndyChineseRunners 印跑团 [147066.geojson](147066.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/147066.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/147066.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/155681 DASH 达跑团 [155681.geojson](155681.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/155681.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/155681.yml))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/157594 Seattle United Runners (SU Runners) 西雅图SU跑团 [157594.geojson](157594.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/157594.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/157594.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/176328 MIRun 车城 (create [_data/club/geo/176328.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/183643 FlyingDragon undefined (create [_data/club/geo/183643.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/187897 CRIT 多伦多华人跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/187897.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/196102 Greater Memphis Chinese Runners Club (GMCRC) undefined [196102.geojson](196102.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/196102.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/196102.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/197462 DEER 鹿跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/197462.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/204946 NewBee Running Club 纽约新蜂跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/204946.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/234023 BEN Running Club 犇 (create [_data/club/geo/234023.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/236304 MARC 大华府蒙郡跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/236304.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/241951 Misty Mountain Runners 岚山跑群 (create [_data/club/geo/241951.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/299365 Minnesota Chinese Snow Wolves 明州华人雪狼跑团 (create [_data/club/geo/299365.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/301632 Patuxent athletic league of striders 知足常跑 (create [_data/club/geo/301632.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/327007 Bergen Runners 百骏 [327007.geojson](327007.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/327007.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/327007.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/330129 PHIRE Runners 飛狐 (create [_data/club/geo/330129.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/438046 Ann-Hua Runners undefined (create [_data/club/geo/438046.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/439808 WERun 东奔西跑 (create [_data/club/geo/439808.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/452045 Trail Hoppers 山道蚱蜢 [452045.geojson](452045.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/452045.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/452045.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/464836 91 Running Camp 91集训营 (create [_data/club/geo/464836.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
 - https://www.strava.com/clubs/479503 undefined 三头牛跑吧 [479503.geojson](479503.geojson) (edit [_data/club/geo/479503.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/edit/master/_data/club/geo/479503.yml))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/481356 Nose Hill Running 駜 (create [_data/club/geo/481356.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/484248 Nankai 巍巍南开 (create [_data/club/geo/484248.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/516025 Flying Foxes 北卡蓝嶺飞狐 (create [_data/club/geo/516025.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
- https://www.strava.com/clubs/519388 Princeton Running Team 普林长跑队 (create [_data/club/geo/519388.yml](https://github.com/mocaspike150/api/new/master/_data/club/geo/))
